Docs: Create dashboard updates (#122019)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/dashboard-groupings.md

## Grouping layouts

When you have panels grouped into rows or tabs, the **Layout** options available depend on which dashboard element is selected and the nesting level of that element.

You can nest up to three levels deep, which means a dashboard can have a maximum of five configuration levels, with the following layout options:

- **Dashboard**: Layout options allow you to choose between rows and tabs or custom and auto layouts.
- **Grouping 1 (outer)**: Layout options allow you to choose between rows and tabs.
- **Grouping 2 (middle)**: Layout options allow you to choose between rows and tabs.
- **Grouping 3 (inner)**: Layout options allow you to choose between custom and auto grid (refer to [Panel layouts](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/<GRAFANA_VERSION>/visualizations/dashboards/build-dashboards/create-dashboard/#panel-layouts)).
- **Panels**: No layout options

You can switch between rows and tabs or update the panel layout by clicking the parent container and changing the layout selection.

## Group panels

To group panels already on a dashboard, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the dashboard you want to update.
1. Click **Edit**.
1. Do one of the following:

>    - Click the **Add new element** icon (blue plus sign) and select **Group into rows** or **Group into tabs**.
>    - Under a panel or group of panels, hover your mouse to reveal the **Group panels** button, click it and select **Group into row** or **Group into tab**.
> 

Reviewer: Is the bit "and select **Group into rows** or **Group into tabs**." reduntant? The step below already contains it

```suggestion
   - Click the **Add new element** icon (blue plus sign) 
   - Under a panel or group of panels, hover your mouse to reveal the **Group panels** button, click it and select **Group into row** or **Group into tab**.

```

Author: This is meant to point out that there are two ways to add a grouping: either by using the add element button or by hovering over the dashboard canvas and using the buttons there.

{{< admonition type="caution" >}}
If you delete a grouping, rather than ungrouping it, its panels are deleted as well.
{{< /admonition >}}

To remove groupings, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to the dashboard you want to update.
1. Click **Edit**.
1. (Optional) Click the **Content outline** icon to quickly navigate to the grouping you want to remove.
1. Hover your mouse over the relevant area to show the **Ungroup rows** or **Ungroup tabs** button, then click it to ungroup all rows or tabs, including any nested groupings.
1. If you've ungrouped panels that were previously in different panel layouts, you'll be prompted to select a common layout type for all the panels; click **Convert to Auto grid** or **Convert to Custom**.
1. Click **Save**.
1. (Optional) Enter a description of the changes you've made.
1. Click **Save**.
1. Click **Exit edit**.

## Move tabs between rows

In dashboards that include multiple rows with nested tabs, you can drag and drop nested tabs between rows.
To do this, the receiving row just needs to have one nested tab already:

You can also move tabs to a row that has no nested tabs as long as:

- It previously had nested tabs.

> - The last tab was moved out of the row rather than deleted.

Reviewer: Maybe it's just me but I had to reread this section a few times to understand what's possible or not, while the title itself kind of told the full story - "you can drag tabs between rows". 

Also the limitations listed in "You can also move tabs to a row that has no nested tabs as long as..." actually felt like bad UX we may need to improve. It should be natural to the user to drag tabs between tab bars :D

Author: Yeah, I'm gonna make this part clearer and take out the limitations. I agree, they're probably just bad UX that should be fixed so there's no need to highlight it.

## Place panels outside of groupings with headerless rows

> If you have a panel that includes grouped panels already and you want some panels to appear ungrouped, you can use the **Hide row header** switch in the row configuration to achieve this.

Reviewer: Should it be "panel" --> "grouping"? Panels cannot include panels 🤔 

```suggestion
If you have a grouping that includes grouped panels already and you want some panels to appear ungrouped, you can use the **Hide row header** switch in the row configuration to achieve this.
```

Author: Good catch. It should actually be just row rather than grouping since this doesn't apply to tabs.
```suggestion
If you have a row with panels, but you want the panels to appear ungrouped, you can use the **Hide row header** switch in the row configuration to achieve this.
```
